1. 3D Printed Statues
https://open.kattis.com/problems/3dprinter

2. 4 thought
https://open.kattis.com/problems/4thought

3. A Different Problem
https://open.kattis.com/problems/different

4. A Real Challenge
https://open.kattis.com/problems/areal

5. ABC
https://open.kattis.com/problems/abc

6. ACM Contest Scoring
https://open.kattis.com/problems/acm

7. Aaah!
https://open.kattis.com/problems/aaah

8. Above Average
https://open.kattis.com/problems/aboveaverage

9. Akcija
https://open.kattis.com/problems/akcija

10. Alice in the Digital World
https://open.kattis.com/problems/alicedigital

11. Alphabet Spam
https://open.kattis.com/problems/alphabetspam

12. Ants
https://open.kattis.com/problems/ants

13. Apaxiaaans!
https://open.kattis.com/problems/apaxiaaans

14. Autori
https://open.kattis.com/problems/autori

15. Avion
https://open.kattis.com/problems/avion

16. Batter Up
https://open.kattis.com/problems/batterup

17. Beekeper
https://open.kattis.com/problems/beekeeper

18. Bela
https://open.kattis.com/problems/bela

19. Bijele
https://open.kattis.com/problems/bijele

20. Boat Parts
https://open.kattis.com/problems/boatparts

21. Bus Numbers
https://open.kattis.com/problems/busnumbers

22. Card Trick
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cardtrick2

23. Cetiri
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cetiri

24. Cetvrta
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cetvrta

25. Chanukah Challenge
https://open.kattis.com/problems/chanukah

26. Chess
https://open.kattis.com/problems/chess

27. Closest Sums
https://open.kattis.com/problems/closestsums

28. Closing the Loop
https://open.kattis.com/problems/closingtheloop

29. Cold-puter Science
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cold

30. Counting Stars
https://open.kattis.com/problems/countingstars

31. Cryptographer's Conundrum
https://open.kattis.com/problems/conundrum

32. Cudoviste
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cudoviste

33. DRM Messages
https://open.kattis.com/problems/drmmessages

34. Datum
https://open.kattis.com/problems/datum

35. Death Knight Hero
https://open.kattis.com/problems/deathknight

36. Detailed Differences
https://open.kattis.com/problems/detaileddifferences

37. Dice Cup
https://open.kattis.com/problems/dicecup

38. Dice Game
https://open.kattis.com/problems/dicegame

39. Different Distances
https://open.kattis.com/problems/differentdistances

40. Doorman
https://open.kattis.com/problems/doorman

41. Eight Queens
https://open.kattis.com/problems/8queens

42. Elegibility
https://open.kattis.com/problems/eligibility

43. Encoded Message
https://open.kattis.com/problems/encodedmessage

44. Erase Securely
https://open.kattis.com/problems/erase

45. Estimating the Area of a Circle
https://open.kattis.com/problems/estimatingtheareaofacircle

46. Faktor
https://open.kattis.com/problems/faktor

47. Falling Apart
https://open.kattis.com/problems/fallingapart

48. False Sense of Security
https://open.kattis.com/problems/falsesecurity

49. Fifty Shades of Pink
https://open.kattis.com/problems/fiftyshades

50. Filip
https://open.kattis.com/problems/filip

51. FizzBuzz
https://open.kattis.com/problems/fizzbuzz

52. Free Food
https://open.kattis.com/problems/freefood

53. Gerrymandering
https://open.kattis.com/problems/gerrymandering

54. Grass Seed Inc.
https://open.kattis.com/problems/grassseed

55. Hanging Out on the Terrace
https://open.kattis.com/problems/hangingout

56. Harshad Numbers
https://open.kattis.com/problems/harshadnumbers

57. Heart Rate
https://open.kattis.com/problems/heartrate

58. Hello World
https://open.kattis.com/problems/hello

59. Help a PhD candidate out
https://open.kattis.com/problems/helpaphd

60. Herman
https://open.kattis.com/problems/herman

61. Hissing Microphone
https://open.kattis.com/problems/hissingmicrophone

62. Honour Thy (Apaxian) Parent
https://open.kattis.com/problems/apaxianparent

63. I've Been Everywhere, Man
https://open.kattis.com/problems/everywhere

64. ICPC Awards
https://open.kattis.com/problems/icpcawards

65. Identifying Map Tiles
https://open.kattis.com/problems/maptiles2

66. IsItHalloween.com
https://open.kattis.com/problems/isithalloween

67. Islands
https://open.kattis.com/problems/islands3

68. Job Expenses
https://open.kattis.com/problems/jobexpenses

69. Judging Moose
https://open.kattis.com/problems/judgingmoose

70. Jumbled Compass
https://open.kattis.com/problems/compass

71. Karte
https://open.kattis.com/problems/karte

72. Kemija
https://open.kattis.com/problems/kemija08

73. Kitten on a Tree
https://open.kattis.com/problems/kitten

74. Kornislav
https://open.kattis.com/problems/kornislav

75. Ladder
https://open.kattis.com/problems/ladder

76. Last Factorial Digit
https://open.kattis.com/problems/lastfactorialdigit

77. Left Beehind
https://open.kattis.com/problems/leftbeehind

78. License to Launch
https://open.kattis.com/problems/licensetolaunch

79. Lost Lineup
https://open.kattis.com/problems/lostlineup

80. Luhn's Checksum Algorithm
https://open.kattis.com/problems/luhnchecksum

81. Mandelbrot
https://open.kattis.com/problems/mandelbrot

82. Mars Window
https://open.kattis.com/problems/marswindow

83. Maximum Rent
https://open.kattis.com/problems/maximumrent

84. Mixed Fractions
https://open.kattis.com/problems/mixedfractions

85. Modulo
https://open.kattis.com/problems/modulo

86. Musical Scales
https://open.kattis.com/problems/musicalscales

87. Nasty Hacks
https://open.kattis.com/problems/nastyhacks

88. Natjecanje
https://open.kattis.com/problems/natjecanje

89. Nine Knights
https://open.kattis.com/problems/nineknights

90. No Duplicates
https://open.kattis.com/problems/nodup

91. Number Fun
https://open.kattis.com/problems/numberfun

92. Odd Gnome
https://open.kattis.com/problems/oddgnome

93. Odd Man Out
https://open.kattis.com/problems/oddmanout

94. Oddities
https://open.kattis.com/problems/oddities

95. One Chicken Per Person!
https://open.kattis.com/problems/onechicken

96. Paradox With Averages
https://open.kattis.com/problems/averageseasy

97. Parking
https://open.kattis.com/problems/parking

98. Parking
https://open.kattis.com/problems/parking2

99. Patuljci
https://open.kattis.com/problems/patuljci

100. Pet
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pet

101. Piece of Cake!
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pieceofcake2

102. Pizza Crust
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pizza2

103. Planina
https://open.kattis.com/problems/planina

104. Poker Hand
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pokerhand

105. Pot
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pot

106. Provinces and Gold
https://open.kattis.com/problems/provincesandgold

107. Prva
https://open.kattis.com/problems/prva

108. Ptice
https://open.kattis.com/problems/ptice

109. Quadrant Selection
https://open.kattis.com/problems/quadrant

110. Quality-Adjusted Life-Year
https://open.kattis.com/problems/qaly

111. Quick Brown Fox
https://open.kattis.com/problems/quickbrownfox

112. Quick Estimates
https://open.kattis.com/problems/quickestimate

113. R2
https://open.kattis.com/problems/r2

114. Ragged Right
https://open.kattis.com/problems/raggedright

115. Railroad
https://open.kattis.com/problems/railroad2

116. Reverse Rot
https://open.kattis.com/problems/reverserot

117. Reversed Binary Numbers
https://open.kattis.com/problems/reversebinary

118. Rijeƒçi
https://open.kattis.com/problems/rijeci

119. Roaming Romans
https://open.kattis.com/problems/romans

120. Server
https://open.kattis.com/problems/server

121. Seven Wonders
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sevenwonders

122. Sibice
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sibice

123. Simon
https://open.kattis.com/problems/simon

124. Simon Says
https://open.kattis.com/problems/simonsays

125. Skener
https://open.kattis.com/problems/skener

126. Skocimis
https://open.kattis.com/problems/skocimis

127. Soda Slurper
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sodaslurper

128. Sok
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sok

129. Solving for Carrots
https://open.kattis.com/problems/carrots

130. Soylent
https://open.kattis.com/problems/soylent

131. Spavanac
https://open.kattis.com/problems/spavanac

132. Speed Limit
https://open.kattis.com/problems/speedlimit

133. Stacking Cups
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cups

134. Stand on Zanzibar
https://open.kattis.com/problems/zanzibar

135. Star Arrangements
https://open.kattis.com/problems/stararrangements

136. Stuck In A Time Loop
https://open.kattis.com/problems/timeloop

137. Sum Kind of Problem
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sumkindofproblem

138. Sum Squared Digits Function
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sumsquareddigits

139. Symmetric Order
https://open.kattis.com/problems/symmetricorder

140. Synchronizing Lists
https://open.kattis.com/problems/synchronizinglists

141. Tai's formula
https://open.kattis.com/problems/taisformula

142. Take Two Stones
https://open.kattis.com/problems/twostones

143. Tarifa
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tarifa

144. Temperature Confusion
https://open.kattis.com/problems/temperatureconfusion

145. The Amazing Human Cannonball
https://open.kattis.com/problems/humancannonball2

146. The Dragon of Loowater
https://open.kattis.com/problems/loowater

147. The Easiest Problem Is This One
https://open.kattis.com/problems/easiest

148. The Key to Cryptography
https://open.kattis.com/problems/keytocrypto

149. The Owl and The Fox
https://open.kattis.com/problems/owlandfox

150. ToLower
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tolower

151. Toilet Seat
https://open.kattis.com/problems/toilet

152. Tour de France
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tourdefrance

153. Transit Woes
https://open.kattis.com/problems/transitwoes

154. Tri
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tri

155. Trik
https://open.kattis.com/problems/trik

156. Troll Hunt
https://open.kattis.com/problems/trollhunt

157. Un-bear-able Zoo
https://open.kattis.com/problems/zoo

158. Veci
https://open.kattis.com/problems/veci

159. Volim
https://open.kattis.com/problems/volim

160. Weak Vertices
https://open.kattis.com/problems/weakvertices

161. What does the fox say?
https://open.kattis.com/problems/whatdoesthefoxsay

162. Zamka
https://open.kattis.com/problems/zamka
