1. Hello World
https://open.kattis.com/problems/hello

2. Take Two Stones
https://open.kattis.com/problems/twostones

3. Stuck In A Time Loop
https://open.kattis.com/problems/timeloop

4. R2
https://open.kattis.com/problems/r2

5. Solving for Carrots
https://open.kattis.com/problems/carrots

6. Quadrant Selection
https://open.kattis.com/problems/quadrant

7. Oddities
https://open.kattis.com/problems/oddities

8. Nasty Hacks
https://open.kattis.com/problems/nastyhacks

9. Ladder
https://open.kattis.com/problems/ladder

10. FizzBuzz
https://open.kattis.com/problems/fizzbuzz

11. Filip
https://open.kattis.com/problems/filip

12. Apaxiaaans!
https://open.kattis.com/problems/apaxiaaans

13. Seven Wonders
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sevenwonders

14. Reversed Binary Numbers
https://open.kattis.com/problems/reversebinary

15. Pot
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pot

16. Autori
https://open.kattis.com/problems/autori

17. Help a PhD candidate out
https://open.kattis.com/problems/helpaphd

18. Stand on Zanzibar
https://open.kattis.com/problems/zanzibar

19. Planina
https://open.kattis.com/problems/planina

20. Pet
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pet

21. Bijele
https://open.kattis.com/problems/bijele

22. Modulo
https://open.kattis.com/problems/modulo

23. Hissing Microphone
https://open.kattis.com/problems/hissingmicrophone

24. Number Fun
https://open.kattis.com/problems/numberfun

25. Death Knight Hero
https://open.kattis.com/problems/deathknight

26. Tarifa
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tarifa

27. Faktor
https://open.kattis.com/problems/faktor

28. Datum
https://open.kattis.com/problems/datum

29. ICPC Awards
https://open.kattis.com/problems/icpcawards

30. Akcija
https://open.kattis.com/problems/akcija

31. I've Been Everywhere, Man
https://open.kattis.com/problems/everywhere

32. Sum Kind of Problem
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sumkindofproblem

33. The Easiest Problem Is This One
https://open.kattis.com/problems/easiest

34. Cold-puter Science
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cold

35. Zamka
https://open.kattis.com/problems/zamka

36. Batter Up
https://open.kattis.com/problems/batterup

37. Trik
https://open.kattis.com/problems/trik

38. Aaah!
https://open.kattis.com/problems/aaah

39. Speed Limit
https://open.kattis.com/problems/speedlimit

40. Spavanac
https://open.kattis.com/problems/spavanac

41. Sibice
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sibice

42. No Duplicates
https://open.kattis.com/problems/nodup

43. Judging Moose
https://open.kattis.com/problems/judgingmoose

44. Grass Seed Inc.
https://open.kattis.com/problems/grassseed

45. Dice Cup
https://open.kattis.com/problems/dicecup

46. Detailed Differences
https://open.kattis.com/problems/detaileddifferences

47. Cryptographer's Conundrum
https://open.kattis.com/problems/conundrum

48. A Different Problem
https://open.kattis.com/problems/different

49. The Amazing Human Cannonball
https://open.kattis.com/problems/humancannonball2

50. Cetvrta
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cetvrta

51. Bela
https://open.kattis.com/problems/bela

52. Star Arrangements
https://open.kattis.com/problems/stararrangements

53. Stacking Cups
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cups

54. Skener
https://open.kattis.com/problems/skener

55. Ptice
https://open.kattis.com/problems/ptice

56. Parking
https://open.kattis.com/problems/parking2

57. Kornislav
https://open.kattis.com/problems/kornislav

58. Herman
https://open.kattis.com/problems/herman

59. Heart Rate
https://open.kattis.com/problems/heartrate

60. Hanging Out on the Terrace
https://open.kattis.com/problems/hangingout

61. Estimating the Area of a Circle
https://open.kattis.com/problems/estimatingtheareaofacircle

62. Encoded Message
https://open.kattis.com/problems/encodedmessage

63. Railroad
https://open.kattis.com/problems/railroad2

64. Alphabet Spam
https://open.kattis.com/problems/alphabetspam

65. Quick Estimates
https://open.kattis.com/problems/quickestimate

66. Volim
https://open.kattis.com/problems/volim

67. Tri
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tri

68. Bus Numbers
https://open.kattis.com/problems/busnumbers

69. Symmetric Order
https://open.kattis.com/problems/symmetricorder

70. Doorman
https://open.kattis.com/problems/doorman

71. Chess
https://open.kattis.com/problems/chess

72. Soylent
https://open.kattis.com/problems/soylent

73. Reverse Rot
https://open.kattis.com/problems/reverserot

74. 3D Printed Statues
https://open.kattis.com/problems/3dprinter

75. ABC
https://open.kattis.com/problems/abc

76. Pizza Crust
https://open.kattis.com/problems/pizza2

77. Natjecanje
https://open.kattis.com/problems/natjecanje

78. DRM Messages
https://open.kattis.com/problems/drmmessages

79. Karte
https://open.kattis.com/problems/karte

80. Prva
https://open.kattis.com/problems/prva

81. Parking
https://open.kattis.com/problems/parking

82. Mixed Fractions
https://open.kattis.com/problems/mixedfractions

83. Boat Parts
https://open.kattis.com/problems/boatparts

84. Cetiri
https://open.kattis.com/problems/cetiri

85. Paradox With Averages
https://open.kattis.com/problems/averageseasy

86. ToLower
https://open.kattis.com/problems/tolower

87. Sok
https://open.kattis.com/problems/sok

88. Elegibility
https://open.kattis.com/problems/eligibility

89. Odd Gnome
https://open.kattis.com/problems/oddgnome

90. False Sense of Security
https://open.kattis.com/problems/falsesecurity

91. 4 thought
https://open.kattis.com/problems/4thought

92. Above Average
https://open.kattis.com/problems/aboveaverage

93. Ants
https://open.kattis.com/problems/ants

94. Counting Stars
https://open.kattis.com/problems/countingstars